chore: stress the importance of opening inside the SharedArray (#574)
grafana/k6-docs: src/data/markdown/docs/02 javascript api/04 k6-data/1-SharedArray.md

import { SharedArray } from 'k6/data';

const data = new SharedArray('some name', function () {

>   // it's important to open big files (generate a big amount of data) inside this function

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  // here you can generate the data dynamically or open files and do additional processing
  // it's important to open large files inside this function to avoid memory saturation
```

import { SharedArray } from 'k6/data';

const data = new SharedArray('some name', function () {

>   // here you can generate the data dynamically or open files and do additional processing
>   // it's important to open large files inside this function to avoid memory saturation

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
  // All heavy work (opening and processing big files for example) should be done inside here.
  // This way it will happen only once and the result will be shared between all VUs, saving time and memory.
```

Reviewer 2: I feel like explaining *why* that is the case is equally if not important as I would expect that will be what the user will remember/understand  better.
